DOCSP-30517: Delete One Usage Example (#77)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/usage-examples/deleteOne.txt

.. _rust-delete-one-usage:

=================
Delete a Document
=================

You can delete a document from a collection by calling the `delete_one()
<{+api+}/struct.Collection.html#method.delete_one>`__ method on a ``Collection``
instance.

Pass a query filter to the ``delete_one()`` method to delete a single document in the

> collection that matches the filter. If multiple documents match the query filter, MongoDB

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I think this contains unnecessary prepositional phrases which makes it more difficult to understand. I think it would also be good to stay consistent with "deletes from a collection" vs "deletes in a collection" (see [line26](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-rust/pull/77/files#diff-832c5d2e7e7b491122d2a6658375caa980c627cd45356ce9150a57febcb3e354R26)). I think the following sentence removes one phrase without losing any of the details:

"Pass a query filter to the delete_one() method to match the document you want to delete from the collection."

deletes the first matching document according to their :term:`natural order` in the
database or according to the sort order specified in a `DeleteOptions <{+api+}/options/struct.DeleteOptions.html>`__
instance.

The ``delete_one()`` method returns a `DeleteResult <{+api+}/results/struct.DeleteResult.html>`__

> type. This type contains information about the delete operation, such as the total

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it could be helpful to specify that the information includes the results of the operation:

```suggestion
type. This type contains information including the results of the delete operation, such as the total
```

number of documents deleted.

To learn more about delete operations, see the :ref:`rust-delete-guide` guide.

Example
-------

This example deletes a document that matches a query filter from the ``restaurants``
collection in the ``sample_restaurants`` database. The example uses a ``Restaurant`` struct
that has ``name`` and ``borough`` fields to model the documents in the collection. 

This example uses a query filter that matches documents in which the value of the
``name`` field is ``"Haagen-Dazs"`` and the ``borough`` field is ``"Brooklyn"``. This query

> filter matches several documents, so MongoDB deletes the first matching document.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I think this consequence, signaled by "so", is slightly confusing since it isn't accompanied by the case in which it matches a single document.

It might be better not to present this as a consequence, but rather as an explanation.

"MongoDB deletes the first of several results that match the query filter."

.. _rust-delete-one-usage:

=================
Delete a Document
=================

You can delete a document from a collection by calling the `delete_one()
<{+api+}/struct.Collection.html#method.delete_one>`__ method on a ``Collection``
instance.

Pass a query filter to the ``delete_one()`` method to delete a single document in the

> collection that matches the filter. If multiple documents match the query filter, this
> method deletes the first matching document according to their :term:`natural order` in

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it could be more accurate to mention that MongoDB performs the delete rather than the method. The method wraps a command that's sent to MongoDB, and MongoDB attempts the delete and returns the result.

```suggestion
collection that matches the filter. If multiple documents match the query filter, 
MongoDB deletes the first matching document according to their :term:`natural order` in
```
